and youtube talk guys clean and be
Welcome to another video and cury today.
quoted from youtube
We are here again with gta5 online
for you
and now after many requests ai
my friends I'm here making a video
people here showing you how it is
What are you doing to enter my command here?
no gt so with online beauty
the name of my command is ipam large
How are you guys watching the gang there?
lifan is that the usual plate that to the
initials l pi né
the name cordel commands that blue
flowers are the same and if they take on the video he
It's not just by invitation, so it's
public right
Anyone can get into my
command here guys the command image
the symbol I changed already the symbol put
a very top symbol that I myself
I just did not think he's updating here.
because I just changed
so I guess in 10 minutes and already
will change understand
I'll even try to see if I can
show you the symbol is this
here is a red skull
with white crosshairs surrounding the one
will be the symbol of the command beauty
so look I need to wonder how
that how I then do to enter the
command of bread is the following center which
your club was born to be long in your social
club with the xbox account
I do not know if Playstation 3 will work
but anyway you enter it with your
live or psn account here on your
club you come here and GTA5 and click
in galera commands click
commands and here on the water will be like this
O community when I meet a
command leaders leaderboards
to administer the command
click here is a command was
there everyone will appear
commands that exist then understood that
here you can search by name
So you just put border here.
and then click here to search or give
A funeral will already be here.
of lipton you go here and click there
to participate in a command understood
want to get in charge of the world some
another person who sought to demonstrate how
it works
say that it is the command
clean the province will appear better
enter you just click enter and
It worked, beauty.
here is an activity I think 3
friendship request here for me
add vote accepting here understood
and hence I have six members of the command
tac for you so it's very simple just
Besides, your club will find a
Command place clean and participate and
lyon gang going to be a business
very funky if I have spoken to you is
reach 100 people here at my command
I'll make a special video with you there.
and let's spread this beauty bag
youtube dude then this is a
victor's embrace for you and even the
Next video in the galera I went